<h1 style='text-align: center;'> A1. Burenka and Traditions (easy version)</h1>

<h5 style='text-align: center;'>time limit per test: 1 second</h5>
<h5 style='text-align: center;'>memory limit per test: 256 megabytes</h5>

This is the easy version of this problem. The difference between easy and hard versions is only the constraints on $a_i$ and on $n$. You can make hacks only if both versions of the problem are solved.

Burenka is the crown princess of Buryatia, and soon she will become the $n$-th queen of the country. There is an ancient tradition in Buryatia — before the coronation, the ruler must show their strength to the inhabitants. To determine the strength of the $n$-th ruler, the inhabitants of the country give them an array of $a$ of exactly $n$ numbers, after which the ruler must turn all the elements of the array into zeros in the shortest time. The ruler can do the following two-step operation any number of times: 

* select two indices $l$ and $r$, so that $1 \le l \le r \le n$ and a non-negative integer $x$, then
* for all $l \leq i \leq r$ assign $a_i := a_i \oplus x$, where $\oplus$ denotes the [bitwise XOR operation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitwise_operation#XOR). It takes $\left\lceil \frac{r-l+1}{2} \right\rceil$ seconds to do this operation, where $\lceil y \rceil$ denotes $y$ rounded up to the nearest integer.

Help Burenka calculate how much time she will need.

### Input

The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 500$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 5000$) — the size of the array.

The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($0 \le a_i \le 5000$) — elements of the array. 

It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ in all tests does not exceed $5000$.

### Output

For each test case, output a single number  — the minimum time that Burenka will need.

## Example

### Input


```text
745 5 5 531 3 220 032 5 761 2 3 3 2 11027 27 34 32 2 31 23 56 52 451822 1799 57 23 55
```
### Output

```text

2
2
0
2
4
7
4

```
## Note

In the first test case, Burenka can choose segment $l = 1$, $r = 4$, and $x=5$. so it will fill the array with zeros in $2$ seconds.

In the second test case, Burenka first selects segment $l = 1$, $r = 2$, and $x = 1$, after which $a = [0, 2, 2]$, and then the segment $l = 2$, $r = 3$, and $x=2$, which fills the array with zeros. In total, Burenka will spend $2$ seconds.



#### Tags 

#1800 #NOT OK #dp #greedy 

## Blogs
- [All Contest Problems](../Codeforces_Round_814_(Div._1).md)
- [Codeforces Round #814](../blogs/Codeforces_Round_814.md)
- [Tutorial (en)](../blogs/Tutorial_(en).md)
