# 63753_(en)


### [1084A - The Fair Nut and Elevator](https://codeforces.com/contest/1084/problem/A "Codeforces Round 526 (Div. 2)")

For each request of passenger who lives on the $p$-th floor to get to the first floor, we need $2 \cdot (max(p, x) - 1)$ energy, because in this case lift moves from the $x$-th floor to the $p$-th, then from the $p$-th to the first, then from the first to the $x$-th. So sum is $|p - x| + |x - 1| + |p - 1|$ and it equals $2 \cdot (max(p, x) - 1)$. if request is to get from the first to the $p$-th floor, number of energy is the same. So the optimal answer can be acheived be choosing the first floor as the $x$-th.

 
### [1084B - Квас и Орехус](https://codeforces.com/contest/1084/problem/B "Codeforces Round 526 (Div. 2)")

If $ \sum a_i $ $ \le s$  — the answer is $-1$

Otherwise, let $v$  — minimal volume from these kegs. The answer is $ \le v$. For all i: $s $-=$ (a_i - v)$. Now all elements equal to $v$. if $s$ become $ \le 0$ the answer is $v$. Else the answer is $\lfloor v - (s + n - 1) / n\rfloor$.

 
### [1084C - The Fair Nut and String](https://codeforces.com/contest/1084/problem/C "Codeforces Round 526 (Div. 2)")

Firstly, let's erase all symbols different from 'a' and 'b'. Then let's split string on blocks of consecutive symbols 'a'. Now we need to multiply all sizes of blocks increased by 1. It is an answer which also includes one empty subsequence, so we should just decrease it by one. 

 Tutorial is loading... 
### [1083B - The Fair Nut and Strings](../problems/B._The_Fair_Nut_and_Strings.md "Codeforces Round 526 (Div. 1)")

If $s$ and $t$ are equal, answer is $n$.

Let's cut common prefix of $s$ and $t$, and increase answer to its length. Now $s$ starts from "a" and $t$ starts from "b". Let $m$ is new lengths of $s$ and $t$. If string $s$ weren't written, we can change the lexicographically smallest string to $s$, and $c$ will not decrease. We can do the same thing with $t$. Now $s$ and $t$ are in answer. We can increase answer by $2 \cdot m$, decrease $k$ by 2 and don't count strings, which are prefixes of $s$ and $t$, while calculating $c$. Let's divide strings in answer into groups — two strings are in one group if and only if their first characters are equal and their largest common prefixes with $s$ or $t$ (it depends on the first character) are equal. Let length of group be $m - lcp$, where $lcp$ — length of this common prefix.

$c$ is equal to the number of vertexes in trie on written strings. If we have fixed $l$ — number of strings, which will belong to some group, we have to maximize size of set of vertexes, which is union of $l$ ways in full binary tree with height $h$, equals to length of group. It can be proved by induction, that the first way increases size of set by $h$, the second by $h - 1$, next 2 ways by $h - 2$, next 4 ways by $h - 3$, etc. We can create array $p$, where $p_{i}$ - how many ways increase answer by $h - i$. Note that these values are additive - if we have two independent binary trees and want to distribute some number of ways between them, we can sum their arrays (and it is how prove the previous fact).

We have $O(n)$ independent groups, and we want to sum their arrays fast. Every binary tree increases values on suffix by $[1, 1, 2, 4, ...]$. Let's forget about the first $1$ and add it in the end. Then, put $1$ to the second position in suffix, and add $2 \cdot a_{i}$ to $a_{i + 1}$ for $1 \le i \le n - 1$ in increasing order, where $a$ — array, which we want to get. Note that values in this array could be very big, but if we change values, bigger than $k$, to $k$, answer will not change (because there are only $k$ ways).

To calculate answer, let's take the prefix with sum $k$ (if there are no such prefix, we take the first prefix with sum, which is bigger than $k$ and decrease last element), fill other elements with $0$. Answer will be equal sum $a[i] \cdot i$ for $1 \le i \le m$.

 
### [1083C - Максимальный Mex](../problems/C._Max_Mex.md "Codeforces Round 526 (Div. 1)")

First let's redefine the MEX query more clearly — you need to find what is the maximum $a$, such that all nodes with permutation values up to $a$ lie on the same path. 

For that you can use just a simple segment tree — in a node of a segment tree you need to store is it true that all nodes with permutation values between $l$ and $r$ lie on the same path and if so, what are the endpoints of this path. You can merge these paths using precalculated LCA and in and out times. For example you can just check all pairs of nodes from the endpoints of paths as candidates for the endpoints of a new path. So for the MEX query you need to traverse this segment tree, and for the change query you just update paths in $O$($log$ $n$) nodes of your segment tree. $O$($n$ $log$ $n$)

 
### [1083D - Орехус сходит с ума](../problems/D._The_Fair_Nut's_getting_crazy.md "Codeforces Round 526 (Div. 1)")

1. Consider O($N^2$) solution: Fix intersection of this segments $L \dots R$. We will call right barrier those integer $Right$, that right border of right segment can be from $R \dots Right$. Also Left barrier is integer, that left border of left segment can be from $Left \dots L$. If we precalculate for each element the furthest left and right elements equal to our ($go_l[i]; go_r[i]$): $Right = MIN(go_r[i])-1$ and $Left = MAX(go_l[i])+1$. Add to answer ($L-Left+1$)*($Right-R+1$) for all segment intersections.
2. Faster solution: Let's go i=$1 \dots.N$ and keep two arrays Left and Right in any data structure, $Left_j$=Left barrier for segment $j \dots i$, $Right_j$=Right barrier for segment $j \dots i$. We need to add sum of ($j-Left_j+1$)*($Right_j-i+1$) for all $j$ from $1$ to $i$. Let's do it using clever Segment Tree.Imagine we are in position i and we want to recalculate arrays Left and Right after increasing $i$ by $1$. Element $A_i$ has furthest left equal $A_l$. We need to do $max=l$ on prefix $1 \dotsi$ in array Left. With Right everything is similar. We can note, that Left and Right are monotonous, so we can just do equation on some segment.

Now we want to update the answer. We are in position i, amount of good pairs of segments are ($j- Left_j+1$)*($Right_j-i+1$)=$-Left_j$*$Right_j$-($i+1$)*($j+1$)+$Right_j$*($j+1$)-$Left_j$*($i+1$). $Right_j$*($j+1$) we can keep in separate Segment Tree. Calculating -($i+1$)*($j+1$)-$Left_j$*($i+1$) is easy too. To get $-Left_j$*$Right_j$ we need segment tree, which can do update on first array segment, update on second array segment, get sum of pair products. It can be done keeping sum of Left's, sum of Right's, and sum of $Left$ * $Right$, and some modificators. We can do it using push's. To see details you can see the code.
 
### [1083E - Орехус и прямоугольники](../problems/E._The_Fair_Nut_and_Rectangles.md "Codeforces Round 526 (Div. 1)")

Let's order rectangles by $x_i$, so $x_1, ..., x_n$ will be increasing. If the $x_1, ..., x_n$ is increasing, $y_1, ..., y_n$ is decreasing, because there are no nested rectangles. Then lets define $dp_i$ as the maximum value, which can be acheived by choosing some subset of first $i$ rectangles which contains the $i$-th rectangle. It can be calculated by $dp_i = \max\limits_{1 \leq j < i} dp_j + x_i \cdot y_i - x_j \cdot y_i$, where $j$ is the previous chosen rectangle (we subtract $x_j \cdot y_i$ because it is common square of the subset for $dp_j$ and $i$-th rectangle). This formula can be optimized using convex hull trick and calculated in $O(n log n)$ or in $O(n)$ if rectangles are already sorted.

 
### [1083F - The Fair Nut and Amusing Xor](../problems/F._The_Fair_Nut_and_Amusing_Xor.md "Codeforces Round 526 (Div. 1)")

Let $c_{i}=a_{i} \oplus b_{i}$.

Let's notice that if there is list of operations to both arrays, which makes them equal, applying these operations to $a$ makes it equal to $b$. Because of this, applying them to $c$ makes all elements equal to $0$.

Now we are processing modifications of $c$. Let's make array $d$ with length $n + 1$, consisting of $c_{0}$, $n - 1$ values $c_{i} \oplus c_{i + 1}$ for $1 \le i \le n - 1$, and $c_{n - 1}$. The only result in $d$ of applying operation to $c$ is changing two elements $d_{i}$, $d_{i + k}$ to $d_{i} \oplus x$, $d_{i + k} \oplus x$.

Let's divide array $d$ into $k$ groups. Elements with the same indexes by modulo $k$ will be in one group. Tasks for different groups are independent and matches up to the initial problem for $k = 2$.

Now we are solving problem for $k = 2$. Let's calculate prefix xors. Operation with $k = 2$ changes only one prefix xor (and it is not the last prefix xor). So, if the last prefix xor isn't equal to 0, the answer is $-1$. Otherwise, minimal number of operations to apply is number of prefix xors, which are not equal to $0$.

Let's see what modification does with prefix xors. It changes all elements from $a$ to $a \oplus x$ on some suffix. To recalculate number of zeros fastly, let's divide array to blocks with length $O(\sqrt n)$ and keep in every block count of every element and modifier. To process modification, let's update modifier for all blocks, which are covered by suffix and recalculate all counts for block, which is partly covered by it. Number of zeros in a block is count of elements, which are equal to modifier. We also have to store the last element of array, which is equal to xor of all $x$ from modifications.

Note, that this task is solved for each of $k$ groups, so we have to store sum of counts of non-zero prefix xors, and number of groups, where the last prefix xor is not zero.

