<h1 style='text-align: center;'> B. Erase First or Second Letter</h1>

<h5 style='text-align: center;'>time limit per test: 1 second</h5>
<h5 style='text-align: center;'>memory limit per test: 256 megabytes</h5>

You are given a string $s$ of length $n$. Let's define two operations you can apply on the string:

* remove the first character of the string;
* remove the second character of the string.

Your task is to find the number of distinct non-empty strings that can be generated by applying the given operations on the initial string any number of times (possibly zero), in any order.

## Input

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains $n$ ($1 \leq n \leq 10^5$) — the length of the string.

The second line of each test case contains the string $s$. It is guaranteed that the string only contains lowercase letters of the English alphabet.

It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

## Output

For each test case, output a single integer: the number of distinct non-empty strings you can get.

## Example

## Input


```

55aaaaa1z5ababa14bcdaaaabcdaaaa20abcdefghijklmnopqrst
```
## Output


```

5
1
9
50
210

```
## Note

In the first test case, we can get the following strings: $a$, $aa$, $aaa$, $aaaa$, $aaaaa$.

In the third test case, for example, the word $ba$ can be reached in the following way:

* remove the first character of the current string $ababa$, getting $baba$;
* remove the second character of the current string $baba$, getting $bba$;
* remove the second character of the current string $bba$, getting $ba$.


#### tags 

#1100 #brute_force #combinatorics #data_structures #dp #strings 