<h1 style='text-align: center;'> F2. Korney Korneevich and XOR (hard version)</h1>

<h5 style='text-align: center;'>time limit per test: 1.5 seconds</h5>
<h5 style='text-align: center;'>memory limit per test: 512 megabytes</h5>

This is a harder version of the problem with bigger constraints.

Korney Korneevich dag up an array $a$ of length $n$. Korney Korneevich has recently read about the operation [bitwise XOR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitwise_operation#XOR), so he wished to experiment with it. For this purpose, he decided to find all integers $x \ge 0$ such that there exists an increasing subsequence of the array $a$, in which the bitwise XOR of numbers is equal to $x$.

It didn't take a long time for Korney Korneevich to find all such $x$, and he wants to check his result. That's why he asked you to solve this problem!

A sequence $s$ is a subsequence of a sequence $b$ if $s$ can be obtained from $b$ by deletion of several (possibly, zero or all) elements.

A sequence $s_1, s_2, \ldots , s_m$ is called increasing if $s_1 < s_2 < \ldots < s_m$.

#### Input

The first line contains a single integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 10^6$).

The second line contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($0 \le a_i \le 5000$) — the elements of the array $a$.

#### Output

In the first line print a single integer $k$ — the number of found $x$ values.

In the second line print $k$ integers in increasing order $x_1, x_2, \ldots x_k$ ($0 \le x_1 < \ldots < x_k$) — found $x$ values.

## Examples

#### Input


```text
4
4 2 2 4
```
#### Output


```text
4
0 2 4 6 
```
#### Input


```text
8
1 0 1 7 12 5 3 2
```
#### Output


```text
12
0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 10 11 12 13 
```
## Note

In the first test case:

* To get value $x = 0$ it is possible to choose and empty subsequence
* To get value $x = 2$ it is possible to choose a subsequence $[2]$
* To get value $x = 4$ it is possible to choose a subsequence $[4]$
* To get value $x = 6$ it is possible to choose a subsequence $[2, 4]$


#### Tags 

#2400 #NOT OK #binary_search #brute_force #dp #greedy #two_pointers 

## Blogs
- [All Contest Problems](../Codeforces_Round_750_(Div._2).md)
- [Announcement](../blogs/Announcement.md)
- [Tutorial](../blogs/Tutorial.md)
