<h1 style='text-align: center;'> F1. GCD Master (easy version)</h1>

<h5 style='text-align: center;'>time limit per test: 3 seconds</h5>
<h5 style='text-align: center;'>memory limit per test: 1024 megabytes</h5>

This is the easy version of the problem. The only difference between the two versions is the constraint on $m$. You can make hacks only if both versions of the problem are solved.

You are given an array $a$ of length $n$ and two integers $m$ and $k$. Each element in $a$ satisfies $1\le a_i \le m$.

In one operation, you choose two indices $i$ and $j$ such that $1 \le i < j \le |a|$, then append $\gcd(a_i,a_j)$ to the back of the array and delete $a_i$ and $a_j$ from the array. 
## Note

 that the length of the array decreases by one after this operation.

Find the maximum possible sum of the array after performing exactly $k$ operations.

### Input

The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1\le t\le 10^5$) — the number of test cases. The description of test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains three integers $n$, $m$ and $k$ ($2 \le n \le 10^6$; $1\le m \le 10^6$; $1 \le k \le n-1$).

The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1,a_2,\ldots,a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le m$).

It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^6$ and the sum of $m$ over all test cases does not exceed $10^6$.

### Output

For each test case, output the maximum possible sum of the array after performing $k$ operations optimally.

## Example

### Input


```text
33 8 14 7 85 114 27 2 4 1 63 514 22 3 3
```
### Output

```text

11
14
1

```
## Note

In the first test case, the best way is to choose $i=1$, $j=3$ in the first operation. The final sequence is $[7,4]$.



#### Tags 

#2900 #NOT OK #greedy #math #number_theory #sortings 

## Blogs
- [All Contest Problems](../Codeforces_Round_858_(Div._2).md)
- [Announcement (en)](../blogs/Announcement_(en).md)
- [Tutorial (en)](../blogs/Tutorial_(en).md)
