<h1 style='text-align: center;'> E1. Erase and Extend (Easy Version)</h1>

<h5 style='text-align: center;'>time limit per test: 2 seconds</h5>
<h5 style='text-align: center;'>memory limit per test: 256 megabytes</h5>

This is the easy version of the problem. The only difference is the constraints on $n$ and $k$. You can make hacks only if all versions of the problem are solved.

You have a string $s$, and you can do two types of operations on it: 

* Delete the last character of the string.
* Duplicate the string: $s:=s+s$, where $+$ denotes concatenation.

You can use each operation any number of times (possibly none).

Your task is to find the lexicographically smallest string of length exactly $k$ that can be obtained by doing these operations on string $s$.

A string $a$ is lexicographically smaller than a string $b$ if and only if one of the following holds:

* $a$ is a prefix of $b$, but $a\ne b$;
* In the first position where $a$ and $b$ differ, the string $a$ has a letter that appears earlier in the alphabet than the corresponding letter in $b$.
#### Input

The first line contains two integers $n$, $k$ ($1 \leq n, k \leq 5000$) — the length of the original string $s$ and the length of the desired string.

The second line contains the string $s$, consisting of $n$ lowercase English letters.

#### Output

Print the lexicographically smallest string of length $k$ that can be obtained by doing the operations on string $s$.

## Examples

#### Input


```text
8 16
dbcadabc
```
#### Output


```text
dbcadabcdbcadabc
```
#### Input


```text
4 5
abcd
```
#### Output


```text
aaaaa
```
## Note

In the first test, it is optimal to make one duplication: "dbcadabc" $\to$ "dbcadabcdbcadabc".

In the second test it is optimal to delete the last $3$ characters, then duplicate the string $3$ times, then delete the last $3$ characters to make the string have length $k$.

"abcd" $\to$ "abc" $\to$ "ab" $\to$ "a" $\to$ "aa" $\to$ "aaaa" $\to$ "aaaaaaaa" $\to$ "aaaaaaa" $\to$ "aaaaaa" $\to$ "aaaaa".



#### Tags 

#1600 #NOT OK #binary_search #brute_force #dp #greedy #hashing #implementation #string_suffix_structures #strings #two_pointers 

## Blogs
- [All Contest Problems](../Codeforces_Round_726_(Div._2).md)
- [Announcement (en)](../blogs/Announcement_(en).md)
- [Tutorial (en)](../blogs/Tutorial_(en).md)
