<h1 style='text-align: center;'> F2. Checker for Array Shuffling</h1>

<h5 style='text-align: center;'>time limit per test: 1 second</h5>
<h5 style='text-align: center;'>memory limit per test: 256 megabytes</h5>

oolimry has an array $a$ of length $n$ which he really likes. Today, you have changed his array to $b$, a permutation of $a$, to make him sad.

Because oolimry is only a duck, he can only perform the following operation to restore his array: 

* Choose two integers $i,j$ such that $1 \leq i,j \leq n$.
* Swap $b_i$ and $b_j$.

The sadness of the array $b$ is the minimum number of operations needed to transform $b$ into $a$.

Given the arrays $a$ and $b$, where $b$ is a permutation of $a$, determine if $b$ has the maximum sadness over all permutations of $a$.

### Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 10^4$)  — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($1 \leq n \leq 2 \cdot 10^5$)  — the length of the array.

The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($1 \leq a_i \leq n$)  — the elements of the array $a$.

The third line of each test case contains $n$ integers $b_1, b_2, \ldots, b_n$ ($1 \leq b_i \leq n$)  — the elements of the array $b$.

It is guaranteed that $b$ is a permutation of $a$.

It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

### Output

For each test case, print "AC" (without quotes) if $b$ has the maximum sadness over all permutations of $a$, and "WA" (without quotes) otherwise.

## Example

### Input


```text
422 11 241 2 3 33 3 2 122 12 141 2 3 33 2 3 1
```
### Output

```text

AC
AC
WA
WA

```
## Note

In the first test case, the array $[1,2]$ has sadness $1$. We can transform $[1,2]$ into $[2,1]$ using one operation with $(i,j)=(1,2)$.

In the second test case, the array $[3,3,2,1]$ has sadness $2$. We can transform $[3,3,2,1]$ into $[1,2,3,3]$ with two operations with $(i,j)=(1,4)$ and $(i,j)=(2,3)$ respectively.

In the third test case, the array $[2,1]$ has sadness $0$.

In the fourth test case, the array $[3,2,3,1]$ has sadness $1$.



#### Tags 

#2800 #NOT OK #constructive_algorithms #dfs_and_similar #graphs 

## Blogs
- [All Contest Problems](../Codeforces_Global_Round_20.md)
- [Announcement (en)](../blogs/Announcement_(en).md)
- [Tutorial (en)](../blogs/Tutorial_(en).md)
