# Разбор_задач


### [962A - Equator](../problems/A._Equator.md "Educational Codeforces Round 42 (Rated for Div. 2)")

To solve the problem we need to know the total number of problems which Polycarp planned to solve. We count it in one iteration through the given array and save the total number of problems in the variable sumsum.

After that, we will again iterate through the array and count the number of problems that Polycarp will solve on the first ii days. Let this sum is equal to ll. We need to find the smallest ii for which it is true that l⋅2≥suml⋅2≥sum. This day will be the answer.

 
### [962B - Students in Railway Carriage](../problems/B._Students_in_Railway_Carriage.md "Educational Codeforces Round 42 (Rated for Div. 2)")

We will iterate from the left to the right through the given string and take the maximal substrings consisting from the dots only (bounded by asterisks/string bounds). Let the length of the current such substring is lenlen.

If lenlen is even, in the places corresponding to this substring, you can put maximum len/2len/2 students of each type, simply alternating them. Considering remaining aa and bb, you can put min(a,len/2)min(a,len/2) student-programmers and min(b,len/2)min(b,len/2) student-athletes in these places.

If lenlen is odd, then in the places corresponding to this substring, you can put (len+1)/2(len+1)/2 students of the one type and len/2len/2 students of the other type. If a>ba>b, then you need to start put students from a student-programmer. So,  min(a,(len+1)/2) min(a,(len+1)/2) of student-programmers and  min(b,len/2) min(b,len/2) of student-athletes can be put in this substring. Otherwise, you need to put students in the same way, but starting from a student-athlete.

Also, you need to remember to maintain the number of remaining students aa and bb after processing the current substring and move on to the next substring consisting of the dots only.

 
### [962C - Make a Square](../problems/C._Make_a_Square.md "Educational Codeforces Round 42 (Rated for Div. 2)")

Consider the given integer as a string ss. Use the masks to brute all possible ways to delete digits. Let the remaining integer for the current mask is a string tt. If the first character of tt is zero, skip this mask. Otherwise, we revert the string tt into the integer curcur.

Now we need to check does the curcur is a square of some integer. It can be done in many ways, for example, by adding all the integer squares less than 2⋅1092⋅109 into the setset (its size will be approximately equal to the square root of 2⋅1092⋅109) and check that curcur is in this set. If this is the case, we should update the answer with the difference between the string ss and the string tt, because this difference is equal to the number of deleted digits for the current mask.

 
### [962D - Merge Equals](../problems/D._Merge_Equals.md "Educational Codeforces Round 42 (Rated for Div. 2)")

To solve this problem we should use a set of pairs, let's call it bb. We will store in it all the elements of the current array (the first number in the pair)and the positions of these elements in the current array (the second number in the pair). The first elements of pairs should have type long long, because the result of merging the array elements can become large and the type int will overflow.

Initially, you need to put in bb all elements of the given array with their positions.

While there are elements in bb, we will perform the following algorithm. Let xx be a pair in the beginning of bb. Then look at the next element of bb. If it does not exist, the algorithm is complete. Otherwise, let the next element is equal to yy.

If x.first≠y.firstx.first≠y.first, then there is no pair number for the element x.firstx.first, which is in the position x.secondx.second, and it will never appear, because all elements can only increase. So, remove xx from bb and repeat the algorithm from the beginning.

Otherwise, the number at the position x.secondx.second will be deleted, and the number in the position y.secondy.second will be double up. So, remove xx and yy from bb, put (y.first⋅2,y.second)(y.first⋅2,y.second) in bb and repeat the algorithm from the beginning. For the convenience of restoring the answer, you can mark deleted positions of the given array in an additional array, so, in this case you need to mark x.secondx.second as a deleted position.

 
### [962E - Byteland, Berland and Disputed Cities](../problems/E._Byteland,_Berland_and_Disputed_Cities.md "Educational Codeforces Round 42 (Rated for Div. 2)")

We will call the disputed cities — purple points, the cities of Byteland — blue points, and the cities of Berland — red points.

If there are no any purple points among the given points, you just need to connect all the neighboring red points between each other and all the neighboring blue points with each other. Thus, the answer is the sum of the distances between the leftmost red point and the rightmost red point and between the leftmost blue point and the rightmost red point.

Otherwise, you firstly should connect all the neighboring purple points with each other. Consider what you should do to connect the red points. All the red points to the left of the leftmost purple point should be connected as follows: first from the left with the second from the left, second from the left with the third from the left and so on. The rightmost of these red points should be connected to the leftmost purple point. All the red points to the right of the rightmost purple point are connected in a similar way. 

Consider all the gaps between the neighboring purple points, and all the red and blue points between them. They should be connected in one of two ways.

The first way is to connect the left purple with the leftmost red, the rightmost red with the right purple, and also connect all the neighboring red dots. Similarly we should make for the blue points. Let the total length of the edges for such a connection is equal to len1len1.

The second way is to connect the left and right purple point. Now consider only the purple points and the red ones. All adjacent points need to be connected to each other, except those which are on the maximum distance from all other pairs. If there are several, then we do not connect any pair. Similarly we make for the purple and blue points. Let the total length of the edges for such a connection is equal to len2len2.

If len1>len2len1>len2 we should connect points from the current gap in the second way, otherwise, in the first.

 
### [962F - Simple Cycles Edges](../problems/F._Simple_Cycles_Edges.md "Educational Codeforces Round 42 (Rated for Div. 2)")

To solve this problem, it is good to know about fundamental set of cycles.

Briefly, in the graph it is easy to select such a minimal set of cycles CC that any other cycle can be obtained as XOR of some subset of cycles from CC. This set is also called the fundamental set of cycles. To find it in a connected graph, you can find any carcass and, alternately, independently add to this carcass each of the edges that are not entered into it. When each such edge is added to the carcass, its cycle closes. The set of these cycles is a fundamental set of cycles. Thus, if the graph is connected, then the size of the fundamental set of cycles is exactly m−n+1m−n+1.

It is easy to see that if an edge belongs to exactly one cycle from the fundamental set of cycles, then it belongs to exactly one simple cycle.

We solve the problem independently for each connected component. For a connected component, it finds its carcass by a search in depth, and each edge that does not enter the search tree into the depth will close a cycle. We only take into account those cycles that do not intersect along the edges. We should print only them in the form of a set of edges.

If the carcass was built with a search in depth, then each cycle represents a path from the vertex to the child (plus the reverse edge). Thus, the problem now is: a set of pairs of vertices (a vertex and its descendant) that specify a set of paths from top to bottom is given in the tree. It is required to select those paths that do not intersect with any other paths from this set.

To find such ways quickly it is possible with help of DSU (system of non-intersecting subsets) on paths. On the edge, you should store the -1 mark or the path number to which it belongs. When passing the edges without marking, it should be marked by this path. When passing an edge with a mark, it is necessary to merge two paths into the DSU, because they intersect. After processing the path, for all the vertices of the path, the ancestor should be reassign to the top vertex of the path. Because if we do not make this we will repeatedly go through the same path.

Using the following code, we find for each vertex its depth in the depth search tree and all the back edges (an array be):


```cpp
  
void dfs(int u, int pu, int d) {  
    dep[u] = d;  
    color[u] = 1;  
    p[u] = pu;  
    for (int v: g[u]) {  
        if (v == pu)  
            continue;  
        if (p[v] == -1)  
            dfs(v, u, d + 1);  
        else if (color[v] == 1)  
            be.push_back({u, v});  
    }  
    color[u] = 2;  
}  

```
Using the following code, we process all paths (actually cycles), merging the intersecting ones.


```cpp
  
pp = p;  
k = be.size();  
for (int i = 0; i < k; i++) {  
    int x = be[i].first;  
    vector<int> path;  
    while (dep[x] > dep[be[i].second]) {  
        path.push_back(x);  
        if (index[x] == -1)  
            index[x] = i;  
        else  
            unite(i, index[x]); // DSU  
        x = p[x];  
    }  
    for (auto j: path)  
        p[j] = be[i].second;  
}  

```
Let pppp — it is an original array of ancestors in depth search tree (because array pp has been changed by the code above). Now, it is sufficient to the answer to take such paths plus the corresponding reverse edge that do not intersect with others (that is, the size of the DSU component is 1):


```cpp
  
vector<int> sizes(k);  
for (int i =  0; i < k; i++)  
    sizes[leader(i)]++;  
  
set<int> result;  
for (int i = 0; i < be.size(); i++)  
    if (sizes[i] == 1) {  
        result.insert(e[{be[i]}]);  
        int x = be[i].first;  
        while (x != be[i].second) {  
            result.insert(e[{x, pp[x]}]);  
            x = pp[x];  
        }  
    }  

```
This problem has another solution, based on the allocation of the doubly connected components with the help of the corresponding linear algorithm.

 
### [962G - Visible Black Areas](../problems/G._Visible_Black_Areas.md "Educational Codeforces Round 42 (Rated for Div. 2)")

First, lets build a graph that represents only part of the polygon that is inside the window, as well as borders of the window. Do do this, for each segment of the polygon, find the intersection of that segment with the window, and, if it still is a segment with non-zero length, add it to the graph (add both endpoints as vertices and the segment itself as an edge). Next, add four corners of the window as vertices. Last, connect all the points on each of the four borders of the window with edges.

This way, we have a planar graph, and we can find faces in this graph which will represent all the connected areas inside the window, both belonging to the polygon and not. To count only those that belong to the polygon one can mark those oriented edges, that were created while intersecting polygon's segments with the window, as important. Only mark an edge if it is directed the same way as the corresponding segment of the polygon. This way, those faces of the graph that are to the left of important edges, are the ones belonging to the polygon.

But there is one bad case — when no segment of the polygon intersects with the window. It such case, the window is either entirely outside of the polygon, or entirely inside of it. To check this, find number of intersections of the polygon with a ray starting from inside of the window. If the number of intersections is even, the window is outside of the polygon. If it is odd, the window is outside.

