<h1 style='text-align: center;'> E2. Square-Free Division (hard version)</h1>

<h5 style='text-align: center;'>time limit per test: 2 seconds</h5>
<h5 style='text-align: center;'>memory limit per test: 256 megabytes</h5>

This is the hard version of the problem. The only difference is that in this version $0 \leq k \leq 20$.

There is an array $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ of $n$ positive integers. You should divide it into a minimal number of continuous segments, such that in each segment there are no two numbers (on different positions), whose product is a perfect square.

Moreover, it is allowed to do at most $k$ such operations before the division: choose a number in the array and change its value to any positive integer.

What is the minimum number of continuous segments you should use if you will make changes optimally?

### Input

The first line contains a single integer $t$ $(1 \le t \le 1000)$  — the number of test cases.

The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$, $k$ ($1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5$, $0 \leq k \leq 20$).

The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le 10^7$).

It's guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

### Output

For each test case print a single integer  — the answer to the problem.

## Example

### Input


```text
35 218 6 2 4 111 46 2 2 8 9 1 3 6 3 9 71 01
```
### Output

```text

1
2
1

```
## Note

In the first test case it is possible to change the array this way: $[\underline{3}, 6, 2, 4, \underline{5}]$ (changed elements are underlined). After that the array does not need to be divided, so the answer is $1$.

In the second test case it is possible to change the array this way: $[6, 2, \underline{3}, 8, 9, \underline{5}, 3, 6, \underline{10}, \underline{11}, 7]$. After that such division is optimal: 

* $[6, 2, 3]$
* $[8, 9, 5, 3, 6, 10, 11, 7]$


#### Tags 

#2500 #NOT OK #data_structures #dp #greedy #math #number_theory #two_pointers 

## Blogs
- [All Contest Problems](../Codeforces_Round_708_(Div._2).md)
- [Codeforces Round #708](../blogs/Codeforces_Round_708.md)
- [Tutorial](../blogs/Tutorial.md)
