<h1 style='text-align: center;'> F2. Interesting Problem (Hard Version)</h1>

<h5 style='text-align: center;'>time limit per test: 2 seconds</h5>
<h5 style='text-align: center;'>memory limit per test: 256 megabytes</h5>

This is the hard version of the problem. The only difference between the two versions is the constraint on $n$. You can make hacks only if both versions of the problem are solved.

You are given an array of integers $a$ of length $n$. 

In one operation, you will perform the following two-step process: 

1. Choose an index $i$ such that $1 \le i < |a|$ and $a_i = i$.
2. Remove $a_i$ and $a_{i+1}$ from the array and concatenate the remaining parts.

Find the maximum number of times that you can perform the operation above.

### Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line of input contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 100$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 800$) — the length of the array $a$.

The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($1 \le a_i \le n$) — the elements of the array $a$.

It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $800$.

### Output

For each test case, output a single integer — the maximum number of times that you can perform the operation.

## Example

### Input


```text
651 5 3 2 482 1 3 4 5 6 7 831 2 341 2 4 454 4 1 3 511
```
### Output

```text

2
3
1
2
0
0

```
## Note

In the first test case, one possible optimal sequence of operations is $[ 1, 5, \color{red}{3}, \color{red}{2}, 4 ] \rightarrow [\color{red}{1}, \color{red}{5}, 4] \rightarrow [4]$.

In the third test case, one possible optimal sequence of operations is $[1, \color{red}{2}, \color{red}{3}] \rightarrow [1]$.



#### Tags 

#2600 #NOT OK #dp 

## Blogs
- [All Contest Problems](../EPIC_Institute_of_Technology_Round_Summer_2024_(Div._1_+_Div._2).md)
- [Announcement (en)](../blogs/Announcement_(en).md)
- [Video Tutorial (en)](../blogs/Video_Tutorial_(en).md)
- [Tutorial #2 (en)](../blogs/Tutorial_2_(en).md)
