<h1 style='text-align: center;'> G1. Spinning Round (Easy Version)</h1>

<h5 style='text-align: center;'>time limit per test: 7 seconds</h5>
<h5 style='text-align: center;'>memory limit per test: 1024 megabytes</h5>

This is the easy version of the problem. The only difference between the two versions are the allowed characters in $s$. In the easy version, $s$ only contains the character ?. You can make hacks only if both versions of the problem are solved.

You are given a permutation $p$ of length $n$. You are also given a string $s$ of length $n$, consisting only of the character ?.

For each $i$ from $1$ to $n$: 

* Define $l_i$ as the largest index $j < i$ such that $p_j > p_i$. If there is no such index, $l_i := i$.
* Define $r_i$ as the smallest index $j > i$ such that $p_j > p_i$. If there is no such index, $r_i := i$.

Initially, you have an undirected graph with $n$ vertices (numbered from $1$ to $n$) and no edges. Then, for each $i$ from $1$ to $n$, add one edge to the graph: 

* If $s_i =$ L, add the edge $(i, l_i)$ to the graph.
* If $s_i =$ R, add the edge $(i, r_i)$ to the graph.
* If $s_i =$ ?, either add the edge $(i, l_i)$ or the edge $(i, r_i)$ to the graph at your choice.

Find the maximum possible diameter$^{\text{∗}}$ over all connected graphs that you can form. 
### Output

 $-1$ if it is not possible to form any connected graphs.

$^{\text{∗}}$ Let $d(s, t)$ denote the smallest number of edges on any path between $s$ and $t$.

The diameter of the graph is defined as the maximum value of $d(s, t)$ over all pairs of vertices $s$ and $t$. 

### Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line of input contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 2 \cdot 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($2 \le n \le 4 \cdot 10^5$) — the length of the permutation $p$. 

The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $p_1,p_2,\ldots, p_n$ ($1 \le p_i \le n$) — the elements of $p$, which are guaranteed to form a permutation.

The third line of each test case contains a string $s$ of length $n$. It is guaranteed that it consists only of the character ?.

It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $4 \cdot 10^5$.

### Output

For each test case, output the maximum possible diameter over all connected graphs that you form, or $-1$ if it is not possible to form any connected graphs.

## Example

### Input


```text
852 1 4 3 5?????21 2??33 1 2???75 3 1 6 4 2 7???????55 2 1 3 4?????66 2 3 4 5 1??????81 7 5 6 2 8 4 3????????126 10 7 1 8 5 12 2 11 3 4 9????????????
```
### Output

```text

4
1
2
6
4
5
5
8

```
## Note

In the first test case, here are some possible connected graphs that you can form (the labels are indices): 

 

|  |  |  |
| --- | --- | --- |

 In the second test case, the only connected graph has a diameter of $1$.



#### Tags 

#2900 #NOT OK #divide_and_conquer #dp #trees 

## Blogs
- [All Contest Problems](../EPIC_Institute_of_Technology_Round_Summer_2024_(Div._1_+_Div._2).md)
- [Announcement (en)](../blogs/Announcement_(en).md)
- [Video Tutorial (en)](../blogs/Video_Tutorial_(en).md)
- [Tutorial #2 (en)](../blogs/Tutorial_2_(en).md)
