<h1 style='text-align: center;'> D2. Tree Queries (Hard Version)</h1>

<h5 style='text-align: center;'>time limit per test: 2 seconds</h5>
<h5 style='text-align: center;'>memory limit per test: 256 megabytes</h5>

The only difference between this problem and D1 is the bound on the size of the tree.

You are given an unrooted tree with $n$ vertices. There is some hidden vertex $x$ in that tree that you are trying to find.

To do this, you may ask $k$ queries $v_1, v_2, \ldots, v_k$ where the $v_i$ are vertices in the tree. After you are finished asking all of the queries, you are given $k$ numbers $d_1, d_2, \ldots, d_k$, where $d_i$ is the number of edges on the shortest path between $v_i$ and $x$. 
## Note

 that you know which distance corresponds to which query.

What is the minimum $k$ such that there exists some queries $v_1, v_2, \ldots, v_k$ that let you always uniquely identify $x$ (no matter what $x$ is).

## Note

 that you don't actually need to output these queries.

### Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \le t \le 10^4$). Description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 2\cdot10^5$)  — the number of vertices in the tree.

Each of the next $n-1$ lines contains two integers $x$ and $y$ ($1 \le x, y \le n$), meaning there is an edges between vertices $x$ and $y$ in the tree.

It is guaranteed that the given edges form a tree.

It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2\cdot10^5$.

### Output

For each test case print a single nonnegative integer, the minimum number of queries you need, on its own line.

## Example

### Input


```text
3121 2102 42 15 73 108 66 11 34 79 6
```
### Output

```text

0
1
2

```
## Note

In the first test case, there is only one vertex, so you don't need any queries.

In the second test case, you can ask a single query about the node $1$. Then, if $x = 1$, you will get $0$, otherwise you will get $1$.



#### Tags 

#2300 #NOT OK #constructive_algorithms #dfs_and_similar #dp #greedy #trees 

## Blogs
- [All Contest Problems](../Codeforces_Round_801_(Div._2)_and_EPIC_Institute_of_Technology_Round.md)
- [Announcement (en)](../blogs/Announcement_(en).md)
- [Tutorial (en)](../blogs/Tutorial_(en).md)
