<h1 style='text-align: center;'> E1. Trails (Easy)</h1>

<h5 style='text-align: center;'>time limit per test: 1 second</h5>
<h5 style='text-align: center;'>memory limit per test: 256 megabytes</h5>

Harry Potter is hiking in the Alps surrounding Lake Geneva. In this area there are $m$ cabins, numbered 1 to $m$. Each cabin is connected, with one or more trails, to a central meeting point next to the lake. Each trail is either short or long. Cabin $i$ is connected with $s_i$ short trails and $l_i$ long trails to the lake.

Each day, Harry walks a trail from the cabin where he currently is to Lake Geneva, and then from there he walks a trail to any of the $m$ cabins (including the one he started in). However, as he has to finish the hike in a day, at least one of the two trails has to be short.

How many possible combinations of trails can Harry take if he starts in cabin 1 and walks for $n$ days?

Give the answer modulo $10^9 + 7$.

### Input

The first line contains the integers $m$ and $n$.

The second line contains $m$ integers, $s_1, \dots, s_m$, where $s_i$ is the number of short trails between cabin $i$ and Lake Geneva.

The third and last line contains $m$ integers, $l_1, \dots, l_m$, where $l_i$ is the number of long trails between cabin $i$ and Lake Geneva.

We have the following constraints:

$0 \le s_i, l_i \le 10^3$.

$1 \le m \le 10^2$.

$1 \le n \le 10^3$.

### Output

The number of possible combinations of trails, modulo $10^9 + 7$.

## Example

### Input


```text
3 21 0 10 1 1
```
### Output

```text

18

```


#### Tags 

#1800 #NOT OK #dp 

## Blogs
- [All Contest Problems](../Helvetic_Coding_Contest_2024_online_mirror_(teams_allowed,_unrated).md)
- [Announcement (en)](../blogs/Announcement_(en).md)
- [Tutorial #2 (en)](../blogs/Tutorial_2_(en).md)
