<h1 style='text-align: center;'> C2. Magnitude (Hard Version)</h1>

<h5 style='text-align: center;'>time limit per test: 2 seconds</h5>
<h5 style='text-align: center;'>memory limit per test: 256 megabytes</h5>

The two versions of the problem are different. You may want to read both versions. You can make hacks only if both versions are solved.

You are given an array $a$ of length $n$. Start with $c = 0$. Then, for each $i$ from $1$ to $n$ (in increasing order) do exactly one of the following: 

* Option $1$: set $c$ to $c + a_i$.
* Option $2$: set $c$ to $|c + a_i|$, where $|x|$ is the absolute value of $x$.

Let the maximum final value of $c$ after the procedure described above be equal to $k$. Find the number of unique procedures that result in $c = k$. Two procedures are different if at any index $i$, one procedure chose option $1$ and another chose option $2$, even if the value of $c$ is equal for both procedures after that turn.

Since the answer may be large, output it modulo $998\,244\,353$.

### Input

The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 10^4$) — the number of test cases.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($2 \leq n \leq 2 \cdot 10^5$).

The second line of each test case contains $n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n$ ($-10^9 \leq a_i \leq 10^9$).

The sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $3 \cdot 10^5$.

### Output

For each test case, output a single integer — the number of unique procedures that result in $c = k$, modulo $998\,244\,353$.

## Example

### Input


```text
542 -5 3 -381 4 3 4 1 4 3 43-1 -2 -34-1000000000 1000000000 1000000000 100000000041 9 8 4
```
### Output

```text

12
256
1
8
16

```
## Note

In the first test case, it can be shown that our maximal final value of $c$ is $3$. There are $12$ ways to achieve this because in order to get $3$, we have to take absolute value at indices $2$ or $4$, or both, resulting in $3$ ways. For the other two indices, it doesn't change the value whether we take absolute value or not, so we have $2 \cdot 2 = 4$ ways for them. In total, we have $3 \cdot 4 = 12$ ways.

In the second test case, taking the absolute value will never change anything, so we can either take absolute value or not, for every index. This gives us $2^8 = 256$ possible ways.



#### Tags 

#1700 #NOT OK #combinatorics #dp #greedy #math 

## Blogs
- [All Contest Problems](../Codeforces_Global_Round_26.md)
- [Announcement (en)](../blogs/Announcement_(en).md)
- [Tutorial (en)](../blogs/Tutorial_(en).md)
