<h1 style='text-align: center;'> E1. Let Me Teach You a Lesson (Easy Version)</h1>

<h5 style='text-align: center;'>time limit per test: 2 seconds</h5>
<h5 style='text-align: center;'>memory limit per test: 256 megabytes</h5>

This is the easy version of a problem. The only difference between an easy and a hard version is the constraints on $t$ and $n$. You can make hacks only if both versions of the problem are solved.

Arthur is giving a lesson to his famous $2 n$ knights. Like any other students, they're sitting at the desks in pairs, but out of habit in a circle. The knight $2 i - 1$ is sitting at the desk with the knight $2 i$.

Each knight has intelligence, which can be measured by an integer. Let's denote the intelligence of the $i$-th knight as $a_i$. Arthur wants the maximal difference in total intelligence over all pairs of desks to be as small as possible. More formally, he wants to minimize $\max\limits_{1 \le i \le n} (a_{2 i - 1} + a_{2 i}) - \min\limits_{1 \le i \le n} (a_{2 i - 1} + a_{2 i})$.

However, the Code of Chivalry only allows swapping the opposite knights in the circle, i.e., Arthur can simultaneously perform $a_i := a_{i + n}$, $a_{i + n} := a_i$ for any $1 \le i \le n$. Arthur can make any number of such swaps. What is the best result he can achieve?

### Input

Each test consists of several test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \le t \le 1000$) — the number of test cases. It is followed by descriptions of the test cases.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer $n$ ($1 \le n \le 2000$) — the number of desks.

The second line consists of $2n$ integers $a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_{2 n}$ ($1 \le a_i \le 10^9$) — the intelligence values of the knights.

It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2000$.

### Output

For each test case, output a single line containing one integer — the minimal difference Arthur can achieve.

## Example

### Input


```text
526 6 4 4110 1731 10 1 10 1 1033 3 4 5 5 451 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
```
### Output

```text

0
0
0
2
4

```
## Note

In the first test case, Arthur can swap the second and the fourth knights. Then the total intelligence at both desks will be $10$.

In the third test case, Arthur can make $0$ operations, which will result in the total intelligence of $11$ at each of the desks.

In the fourth test case, Arthur can swap knights with indices $2$ and $5$ and achieve the difference of $2$. It can be proven that he cannot improve his result any further.



#### Tags 

#2700 #NOT OK #2-sat #data_structures #dp #matrices #two_pointers 

## Blogs
- [All Contest Problems](../Codeforces_Round_961_(Div._2).md)
- [Announcement (en)](../blogs/Announcement_(en).md)
- [Tutorial #1 (en)](../blogs/Tutorial_1_(en).md)
- [Video Tutorial (en)](../blogs/Video_Tutorial_(en).md)
