<h1 style='text-align: center;'> E1. Again Counting Arrays (Easy Version)</h1>

<h5 style='text-align: center;'>time limit per test: 5 seconds</h5>
<h5 style='text-align: center;'>memory limit per test: 512 megabytes</h5>

This is the easy version of the problem. The differences between the two versions are the constraints on $n, m, b_0$ and the time limit. You can make hacks only if both versions are solved.

Little R has counted many sets before, and now she decides to count arrays.

Little R thinks an array $b_0, \ldots, b_n$ consisting of non-negative integers is continuous if and only if, for each $i$ such that $1 \leq i \leq n$, $\lvert b_i - b_{i-1} \rvert = 1$ is satisfied. She likes continuity, so she only wants to generate continuous arrays.

If Little R is given $b_0$ and $a_1, \ldots, a_n$, she will try to generate a non-negative continuous array $b$, which has no similarity with $a$. More formally, for all $1 \leq i \leq n$, $a_i \neq b_i$ holds.

However, Little R does not have any array $a$. Instead, she gives you $n$, $m$ and $b_0$. She wants to count the different integer arrays $a_1, \ldots, a_n$ satisfying:

* $1 \leq a_i \leq m$;
* At least one non-negative continuous array $b_0, \ldots, b_n$ can be generated.

## Note

 that $b_i \geq 0$, but the $b_i$ can be arbitrarily large.

Since the actual answer may be enormous, please just tell her the answer modulo $998\,244\,353$.

## Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t\ (1 \leq t \leq 10^4)$. The description of the test cases follows.

The first and only line of each test case contains three integers $n$, $m$, and $b_0$ ($1 \leq n \leq 2 \cdot 10^5$, $1 \leq m \leq 2 \cdot 10^5$, $0 \leq b_0 \leq 2\cdot 10^5$) — the length of the array $a_1, \ldots, a_n$, the maximum possible element in $a_1, \ldots, a_n$, and the initial element of the array $b_0, \ldots, b_n$.

It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceeds $2\cdot 10^5$.

## Output

For each test case, output a single line containing an integer: the number of different arrays $a_1, \ldots, a_n$ satisfying the conditions, modulo $998\,244\,353$.

## Example

## Input


```

63 2 15 5 313 4 1100 6 7100 11 31000 424 132
```
## Output


```

6
3120
59982228
943484039
644081522
501350342

```
## Note

In the first test case, for example, when $a = [1, 2, 1]$, we can set $b = [1, 0, 1, 0]$. When $a = [1, 1, 2]$, we can set $b = [1, 2, 3, 4]$. In total, there are $6$ valid choices of $a_1, \ldots, a_n$: in fact, it can be proved that only $a = [2, 1, 1]$ and $a = [2, 1, 2]$ make it impossible to construct a non-negative continuous $b_0, \ldots, b_n$, so the answer is $2^3 - 2 = 6$.



#### tags 

#3100 #combinatorics #dp #fft #math 