<h1 style='text-align: center;'> F2. Neko Rules the Catniverse (Large Version)</h1>

<h5 style='text-align: center;'>time limit per test: 7 seconds</h5>
<h5 style='text-align: center;'>memory limit per test: 256 megabytes</h5>

This problem is same as the previous one, but has larger constraints.

Aki is playing a new video game. In the video game, he will control Neko, the giant cat, to fly between planets in the Catniverse.

There are $n$ planets in the Catniverse, numbered from $1$ to $n$. At the beginning of the game, Aki chooses the planet where Neko is initially located. Then Aki performs $k - 1$ moves, where in each move Neko is moved from the current planet $x$ to some other planet $y$ such that:

* Planet $y$ is not visited yet.
* $1 \leq y \leq x + m$ (where $m$ is a fixed constant given in the input)

This way, Neko will visit exactly $k$ different planets. Two ways of visiting planets are called different if there is some index $i$ such that, the $i$-th planet visited in the first way is different from the $i$-th planet visited in the second way.

What is the total number of ways to visit $k$ planets this way? Since the answer can be quite large, print it modulo $10^9 + 7$.

###### Input

The only line contains three integers $n$, $k$ and $m$ ($1 \le n \le 10^9$, $1 \le k \le \min(n, 12)$, $1 \le m \le 4$) — the number of planets in the Catniverse, the number of planets Neko needs to visit and the said constant $m$.

###### Output

Print exactly one integer — the number of different ways Neko can visit exactly $k$ planets. Since the answer can be quite large, print it modulo $10^9 + 7$.

## Examples

###### Input


```text
3 3 1
```
###### Output


```text
4
```
###### Input


```text
4 2 1
```
###### Output


```text
9
```
###### Input


```text
5 5 4
```
###### Output


```text
120
```
###### Input


```text
100 1 2
```
###### Output


```text
100
```
## Note

In the first example, there are $4$ ways Neko can visit all the planets:

* $1 \rightarrow 2 \rightarrow 3$
* $2 \rightarrow 3 \rightarrow 1$
* $3 \rightarrow 1 \rightarrow 2$
* $3 \rightarrow 2 \rightarrow 1$

In the second example, there are $9$ ways Neko can visit exactly $2$ planets:

* $1 \rightarrow 2$
* $2 \rightarrow 1$
* $2 \rightarrow 3$
* $3 \rightarrow 1$
* $3 \rightarrow 2$
* $3 \rightarrow 4$
* $4 \rightarrow 1$
* $4 \rightarrow 2$
* $4 \rightarrow 3$

In the third example, with $m = 4$, Neko can visit all the planets in any order, so there are $5! = 120$ ways Neko can visit all the planets.

In the fourth example, Neko only visit exactly $1$ planet (which is also the planet he initially located), and there are $100$ ways to choose the starting planet for Neko.



#### Tags 

#3000 #NOT OK #bitmasks #dp #matrices 

## Blogs
- [All Contest Problems](../Codeforces_Round_554_(Div._2).md)
- [Announcement (en)](../blogs/Announcement_(en).md)
- [T (en)](../blogs/T_(en).md)
