<h1 style='text-align: center;'> C1. Good Subarrays (Easy Version)</h1>

<h5 style='text-align: center;'>time limit per test: 1 second</h5>
<h5 style='text-align: center;'>memory limit per test: 256 megabytes</h5>

This is the easy version of this problem. In this version, we do not have queries. ## Note

 that we have multiple test cases in this version. You can make hacks only if both versions of the problem are solved.

An array $b$ of length $m$ is good if for all $i$ the $i$-th element is greater than or equal to $i$. In other words, $b$ is good if and only if $b_i \geq i$ for all $i$ ($1 \leq i \leq m$).

You are given an array $a$ consisting of $n$ positive integers. Find the number of pairs of indices $(l, r)$, where $1 \le l \le r \le n$, such that the array $[a_l, a_{l+1}, \ldots, a_r]$ is good.

## Input

Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 2 \cdot 10^5$). Description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains an integer $n$ ($1 \leq n \leq 2 \cdot 10^5$), the length of the array $a$.

The second line of each test case contains $n$ space-separated integers $a_1,a_2,\ldots,a_n$ ($1 \leq a_i \leq n$), representing the array $a$.

It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

## Output

For each test case, print the number of suitable pairs of indices.

## Example

## Input


```

331 2 331 1 142 1 4 3
```
## Output


```

6
3
7

```
## Note

In the first test case, all subarrays of $a$ are good, so all pairs are suitable.

In the second test case, the pairs $(1, 1)$, $(2, 2)$, and $(3, 3)$ are suitable. For example, when $(l, r) = (1, 2)$, the array $b=[1,1]$ is not good because $b_2 < 2$.



#### tags 

#1300 #binary_search #data_structures #schedules #two_pointers 